procedures: update admin docs for storage classes, storage strategies and storage size (#2536)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/configuring-storage-sizes.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:description: Configuring storage sizes
:keywords: administration guide, configuring, {prod-id-short}, storage sizes, PVC size, pvc
:navtitle: Configuring storage sizes
:page-aliases: installation-guide:configuring-storage-sizes.adoc

[id="configuring-storage-sizes"]
= Configuring storage sizes

> You can configure the persistent volume claim (PVC) size when using the `per-user` or `per-workspace` storage strategies. You must specify the PVC sizes in the `CheCluster` Custom Resource in the format of a link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/common-definitions/quantity/[{kubernetes} resource quantity]. For more details on the available storage strategies, see xref:configuring-the-storage-strategy.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the persistent volume claim (PVC) size using the `per-user` or `per-workspace` storage strategies. You must specify the PVC sizes in the `CheCluster` Custom Resource in the format of a link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/common-definitions/quantity/[{kubernetes} resource quantity]. For more details on the available storage strategies, see xref:configuring-the-storage-strategy.adoc[this page].
```
